Now, let's talk about nesting.
Most user interfaces are represented as views inside other views.
And since react is a library for creating user interfaces,
it's actually really good at this.
So, let's take this div and instead of just saying,
"Hello world", let's put some other elements inside.
Maybe we can put a span inside of here to hold our message,
or a strong element so that it's bold.
So, we can nest elements inside other elements just by
passing them as this third argument to create element.
Now, let's do something a little more interesting.
Let's create a list.
So this is going to be a list item,
this first item will be Tyler.
So, we're going to create a list of people.
The second one will be Karen.
And then finally, we will have Richard.
So, now what we've done is using create element,
we have created a list of people.